hi guys welcome back to my channel so
today I'm just gonna go give you guys an
update slash review of the lace front
some altre called as in and here she is
diamonds in I have her in a dr 30 so
this is her straight 10 okay um now okay
bear with me so this is her straighten
out straighten home actually yesterday
so and I was kind of scared of how she
would turn out but she is doing good
okay so she held up for like I say a
week and a half maybe two weeks being
just the regular curl pattern but at the
ends and the back it started getting a
little raggedy it's not getting little
raggedy ANNs
and the back like was kind of getting
tangled dryish looking so I was like you
know what I know this is my favorite wig
yeah I gotta do something with it so I
end up cutting some inches off I think I
end up cutting like maybe two inches off
she's still long still you know but I
end up cutting some inches off for her
just because the ears were like
ridiculously like stupid it's hot in
here I'm sorry
so um as you can see she does blow in
the wind blowing and win honey going to
win um so I straightened her with just
flat urns this is turbo silk from pro
less police I don't remember where I got
these wrong
so sorry but this is like maybe the one
I'm not sure on what it goes up to
because it doesn't have a dial or
anything like that so I'm not sure on
how what temperature was at but it says
is safe iron up to 400 so at least but
at 340 360 ish and you should be able to
get it straight okay so after straighten
the hair like seriously I can run my
fingers through it look up Searcy now at
the end you might have to put a little
tension but your hands will go through
and there's only at the ian's like you
don't get the the burbs next thing in
the back well I don't but you don't get
the birds nesting in the back or
anything like that so I'm you see if you
guys if I can show you guys the back see
there's the back okay
so you still long I say it's still like
20 inches I'm 510 so I stand it's like
still maybe 20 inches and it does
actually straighten quite well okay now
the only thing is I don't know if this
thing will curl back I'm not trying to
even try to curl it
I mean maybe our attempt to but I like
it straight like I'm gonna hit a
straight bone straight hair before but I
like to hear straight now I don't know
it looks bad as string and then it looks
so like the color is still natural kind
of bear with my part but there you go
right there
I did have it closer a little closer
there you go so you can adjust it okay
there you go
and I'm just as you zoo tweak it sort of
Park nd look a little more realistic and
just put some concealer and you're good
to go
like seriously look it has the natural
Sheen already - it may already come to
layers I did cut just a tad bit around
the face but this hair come in layers
already gonna arrange so that's that and
all I do is just you know take the
powder brush brush it and you're all set
so to me I love this hair straight if
you guys have straightening then
recruited let me know how it turned out
like seriously so this will be my final
review for Xion Oh
Trey and I having a dr 30 this one I got
from Claire hair it was like $23 I had a
cool
fine so all together plus shipping I
think only spent like $27 I'm right now
is still on the site of Claire hair for
23:59 is or something like that so you
might be spending altogether including
shipping maybe like 30 or no $1 just try
to find a coupon you can also visit
other sites regarding this one lace
front and especially the color because
it's a popular color so I just want to
thank you guys for tuning in to my
channel and I'm looking at my final
review for Zen out ray and I colored er
30 pitches we'd be at the end and I'll
see you guys in the next video bye